# Analysis, Design and Implementation
In this assignment you are going further with your planning and also include disciplines such requirements, analysis, design. In this, you will find out the value of planning and also how successful you were at it in the first place. To perform the tasks in this assignment you will need to use some diagrams from UML, primarily use case and sequence diagrams.

In this assignment some parts are optional (but required for higher grades) this pose a challenge for your planning and strategy; should you go for the higher grade from the start and risk not finishing (and how should you detect this in you plan), or should you solve the assignment iteratively (solve for the passing grade first and then go for higher), or do you have some other strategy? Reflect on your choice.

Do not forget to work with your time log: make estimations, track actual time, learn.

Remember that all assignments are individual!

## Task 1 ­­ Analysis
In analysis is focus is on what to do rather than how to implement it. In the subtasks you will be using UML in different ways to perform an analysis on the library system that you began with in the previous assignment.

To create diagrams you can for example use yuml.me (activity, class and use case diagrams) or websequencediagrams.com

### Subtask A ­­ Identifying Use Cases
The UML way of documenting requirements is through use cases and in this first task you are to identify and document the use cases used in the system.

* Find and list all the Use Cases in the application.
* Create a Use Case diagram. You previously have already worked with the "List Books" use case. The following image shows this as a use case diagram and can be a starting point for your own diagram.
Use Case Starting Point

* Specify one of your use cases in detail (i.e. in text form). Document the use case in detail, specify pre and post conditions, the primary flow with trigger (main scenario) as well as some additional ones (secondary scenarios). Here are some examples of use cases. In general requirements should focus on "What" not "How". Scenarios are like a conversation, the actor says something, the system replies...
* Describe the flows (scenarios) of the use case in an activity diagram.
* For a chance on a higher grade do the same a second use case: Write the use case text/steps and create an activity diagram corresponding to these steps.
Write down your own reflections on identifying use cases and documenting them in about 100 words.

### Subtask B ­­ Robustness Diagram - Optional, but required for higher grade
A non­standardised, but yet highly valuable diagram, in UML is the robustness diagram in which in a way is a simplification of communication and collaboration diagrams. They are used to analyse the steps of a use case and validate the business logic for them. Create one robustness diagram for the use cases you detailed in subtask A. In your reflection document you write down about 100 words on your experience using robustness diagrams.

### Subtask C ­­ Use Case Realization
To specify more in detail what a use case is supposed to do, i.e. to realize it, it is common to use sequence diagrams. In Assignment 1 you implemented the use case “List Books” and in this sub task you are to show a use case realization of that in the form of a sequence diagram, i.e. reverse engineer the code in the backend to a sequence diagram.

* For a chance on a higher grade do the same for the use case “Delete Book”.
Again, write down your reflections on use case realizations in about 100 words.

## Task 2 ­­ Design
In this task you are to design the logic to list the books based on the XML format (a suitable XML file is supplied). Files app/dao/LibraryDAO.js and lnu/dao/booksDAO.java respectively give a starting point. After reading the XML file it should be converted into objects (that you created in Assignment 1) in the running system and lastly translated into JSON for the web browser (also achieved in Assignment 1). Notice that this is a design task and therefore a UML sequence diagram is to be used to describe your solution (i.e. not code). You need to identify objects used in this and what messages they are sending, and when. As with the previous tasks, we also like you to write down your reflections in about 100 words.

## Task 3 ­­ Implementation
Take the design you created in task 2 and implement it in the system. In addition to that, also implement “Delete Book” without first designing it. Describe your reflections on the two approaches in about 100 words.

## Include in the submission
All text/diagrams must be handed in PDF format, preferably as one document. The following should be included in the submission that you hand in via Moodle:

* List of Use Cases and Use Case Diagram.
* Detailed Use Case Text(s) and corresponding Activity Diagram
(Robustness Diagram)
* Reverse Engineered Sequence Diagram
* Design documented with Sequence Diagram
* Implementation (/src​for Java and /app​for Node.js)
* Report with all personal reflections
* Time log.