# Iterative development
In the previous assignments you have done one or two of the use cases found, but in this last assignment you are going to complete the system. This means that you will have to do all the previous steps again, but this time for all of the remaining use cases in order to have a complete system. This also means that you will have to look back at the previous assignments to see what we required of you there and include that in this finished project.

Remember that all assignments are individual!

## Use Cases
In the complete system you will need the following use cases:

* View a book
* View a list of books
* Add a book
* Edit a book
* Delete a book
* Search a book by author or title (this one is optional)

## Task 1 ­­ Planning
Plan the work in iterations. You can choose to build on what you have done in previous assignments or start from scratch. Identify a goal for the project and goals, that is, the milestones for each iteration. What goals you set depend on whether you continue in what you have done in the past or start all over. Use your knowledge of the system requirements in the planning. Plan time with an accuracy of full hours for each of the iterations. Plan with slack so there is room for miscalculations or mistakes. If you realize that you planned too many tasks for one iteration, you may choose to complete it (running over time) or exit and transfer tasks to the next iteration.

## Task 2 ­­ Iteration #1
In the first iteration report you are expected to report on your detailed planning for the iteration and reflect on the outcome after its completion. Devote 2/3 of the document for the plan and 1/3 for the reflection. Identify concrete tasks that you have to complete to meet the iteration goals and plan the effort for completing the tasks with an accuracy of 15 minutes. The iteration’s tasks should include, planning, reflection, requirements, design, implementation, and testing.

## Task 3 ­­ Iteration #2 and #3
The 2nd and 3rd iteration should be executed in a similar way. The iterations should be an increment to the previous iteration. Remember that you have to take the previous iterations into account in your detailed planning, for instance, if all tasks were completed or not. Document the iterations in the same way as the first iteration, approximately 2 pages for each iteration and include the planning and the reflection part.

Include in the submission
All text/diagrams must be handed in PDF format. The following should be included in the submission that you hand in via Moodle:

* Vision document
* Project Plan
* Iteration plan for iteration #1, #2 and #3
* Suitable diagrams; use case, activity, robustness, sequence
* Design with diagram and description
* Test plan
* Test cases
* Fully working and well commented code
* Implementation (/src ​for Java and /app ​for Node.js)
* Report with all personal reflections
* Time log